It's been several weeks since
everything happened...
and the strange power in my eye
stopped activating.
Is it because the Ghost is gone?
Or?
(Hinata) Boruto!
Hurry downstairs to eat your
breakfast, or you'll be late!
I'll be right there, ya know!
Well, whatever.
[happy murmuring]
Well, everything's back to
normal here, huh?
It was such a drag.
So, what happened to Sumire
Kakei?
She confessed about everything.
I see.
One thing still bothers me.
What made her finally stop doing
what she was doing?
It was Boruto.
Huh?
Or more accurately, she stopped
because of all of her friends.
She had been alone
for a long time.
She really enjoyed being with
her new friends at school.
[chuckles] Really? That's
what stopped her?
Were any of her classmates there
when it happened?
No. She did witness Nue's power.
Maybe the thought of him
destroying all of her friends
scared her.
And that's what stopped her.
You really believe that's the
truth? I don't know...
Makes sense to me.
Children can't choose who their
parents will be.
However, they can definitely
choose their friends.
[grunts]
[chuckles] thank you!
Even now, I'm glad we allowed
her into the Academy.
Yeah.
Speaking of that.
Letting Sumire come back to the
Academy might create some
tension.
The school repairs are almost
completed.
Which means classes will no
longer have to be held here.
Good. We won't have to be
outside all day.
Now today, we will be forming
new three‐man teams.
Do these teams have to be
different from the ones we
formed last time?
Yes they do.
That's the whole point.
The most compatible will work as
teams after graduation.
What about the Class...I mean,
what about Sumire?
She's been absent a long time.
We don't know when she'll
return.
Until she's completely
recovered...
it's impossible for her to
participate in any shinobi
training.
Is she going to quit the Academy
and never come back?
Well, we don't know.
All we can do in the meantime is
just wait and see.
(Shino) Anyway! We will form our
teams today with those in
attendance.
I understand.
I tried to go and visit her at
the hospital but we were just
turned away.
Maybe Sensei's right. We should
leave her alone while she
recovers.
After you chose your teammates,
let me know about your new
formations.
We will begin practical training
tomorrow.
Who should I team
up with this time?
I'm going to team
up with you, Boruto.
Are you serious? Isn't there
anybody else you would want to
train with?
I want you close by
where I can watch you.
Ah, man. I had a
feeling you'd say that.
But not many students can keep
up with you, Boruto.
Mitsuki and Iwabe are the only
ones who can right now.
So who's on your team?
Denki and I are teaming up.
Huh?
For real?
Yeah. Iwabe asked me
and I said sure.
Got a problem with that?
Not at all. Well, maybe we
should ask Shikadai then.
Sorry to say no, Boruto. But I'm
already on a team.
Hey! You guys are the
Ino‐Shika‐Cho trio!
I kept telling them we don't
have to be on the same team just
because our parents were.
I mean, it's the reason why I
avoided this combination.
But we knew that the jutsu
compatibility between us wasn't
bad.
And just because our individual
talents work so well together...
doesn't mean we have to hang out
all the time, either.
That adds a bit of mystery and
tension to our relationship.
It's good for us.
I get it!
This formation works but
nevertheless it's the most
unlikely match up for you guys.
And that's what makes
it a drag. On all fronts.
Well that's too bad. Who
else is available?
By the way, I already asked
Sarada to join us.
Interesting.
So you're gonna lead the charge
while Sarada and Denki both
take care of back up.
How'd you figure that out?
Your strategy is simple, but
it's actually not that bad.
Wow, you mean it?
Man, we're striking out.
Uh.
(Denki) What about Metal?
[panicked reaction]
Probably not a bad choice.
He can be really strong as long
as he keeps his nerves under
control.
Personally, I wanted to ask the
Class Rep to team up with us.
She's very strong.
Mitsuki!
Keep it down when
you talk about her.
Mhm.
It's weird, ever since she's
been gone, the Ghost stopped
appearing.
Yeah. And the power in my eye
stopped activating, too.
Once the Leaf Police took over
there really wasn't anything
left for us to do.
The case is probably closed now.
I hope she's doing okay.
She did commit treason against
the village.
So she may never be able to
return to the Academy.
No way!
She's definitely coming back.
How can you be so sure?
Because the Class Rep
is the Class Rep.
What's that mean?
Look, we all know the grown‐ups
will decide what happens to her
next.
The grown‐ups, huh?
(Mitsuki) Hey.
Huh?
Our team? So who do you want as
our third member?
The report on Sumire Kakei just
came in.
Yes.
To prevent any contact with
other Foundation survivors,
she's under Police custody.
As for the Academy,
will she be returning?
I expect she'll ultimately be
placed into a protective
surveillance program.
But she did cause quite a
disturbance. Whether they'll
allow her to return...
I will watch over Sumire.
If she is allowed back into the
Academy, I would like to take
her under my wing.
I completely understand
how you feel.
So when can I...?
Hold on now.
We need to know how she feels
about the situation.
She's in an extremely tough
position right now.
She may decide she doesn't want
to come back at all.
I will go see her immediately.
Hm?
It's my duty. Because I'm still
her homeroom teacher.
Hey, I'm home!
(Hinata/Himawari) Welcome back!
Oh! Welcome back!
Dad's here? What are you doing
home?
What's wrong with me being here?
Even I get to come home early
from work sometimes, ya know?
Hey. What's wrong?
Uh, Dad? Actually, there's
something I wanna ask you about.
Huh, really? You rarely ask me
anything.
I wanna know about a friend from
my class.
Oh, you mean Sumire Kakei?
(Naruto) She got hurt and she's
recuperating, right?
That's old news! Come on! I
already know about all the
stuff she did.
Hey, Himawari. Why don't you
come help me with dinner?
Okay!
The Class Rep is one of my
friends, ya know.
I know that. And I also know
that she's in a really difficult
spot right now.
Give me a chance to take care of
this. I won't let her down.
Just let her go back
to the Academy!
I'll try. But I can't promise
you it'll happen.
But why not? You're
the Hokage after all.
Yes, but as Hokage, I have
to think about the well‐being of
the entire village.
As I already told you, I will
not let her down.
Don't worry. But just try to
stay out of trouble, okay?
It's for your own good. Don't
stick your nose into dangerous
situations.
What do you mean by that? When I
do something I always see it
through.
It's time for dinner, you two.
All right! Something
smells really good.
Hey, we're not done yet!
Let's go and sit down. You don't
want the food to get cold.
You never listen to me, stupid
old man!
(Shino) Are...
Are you feeling any better?
Yes.
(Sumire) Sensei...
Uh.
I know what happened. And I know
what I did was unforgivable.
But for the sake of everybody
who once thought of me as their
friend...
I have to make amends for my
actions.
Now, don't do anything hasty.
[gasps] But Shino Sensei, I even
took your chakra!
Don't you worry.
Huh?
That actually gave me the
opportunity to grow as a
teacher.
How can you say that?
Your detention is
coming to an end.
In large part because no
one was seriously hurt.
Please listen to me.
If you don't give up, you'll see
there are other choices you
can still make.
If you wish I'll have you moved
somewhere outside the village
where you can think.
(Shino) It's because there are
times when there should be no
shame in running away.
Don't rush. The Gozu Tennou
isn't inside you anymore.
Your body is yours and yours
alone.
Sensei...
[school chatter]
Out of the blue, my father's
been gathering brochures for
Academies in other villages.
Huh? Are you going
to transfer, Inojin?
Why would I do that?
Maybe it's for the Class Rep.
Huh?!
I don't know what's going on. Of
course, Dad was in charge of the
recent investigation.
I guess returning to this
Academy would be a little bit
tough for her.
That sucks.
You didn't tell Boruto about
this, did you?
No.
If he finds out something like
that's happening, he'll make a
big fuss.
We should keep this quite for
now.
(Shino) Today we will engage in
battle training on the
scaffolding around our building.
(Denki) This is kinda like when
we destroyed the building last
time.
(Boruto) And this is probably
gonna turn out the same way,
huh?
[groans] [coughs] I have total
faith in all of you.
But there is something I must
emphasize.
During this training, it is
absolutely vital that you do not
destroy any school...
Yeah! Let's get this thing
started!
(Shino) Two teams will begin at
the same time...
and make their way from the
bottom to the top.
The first team to have one
member reach the top, wins.
Obstructing your opponent is
allowed.
This training is definitely not
good for my heart.
Are you feeling okay, Sensei?
Yes, I'll manage.
Uh, what's the point of having
us specifically train here?
We don't want you traumatized
because you previously damaged
the school.
So the principal wanted to give
you an experience that was both
positive and successful.
I'm pretty sure destroying the
building didn't actually
traumatize any of us.
Aburame Sensei.
(Shino) Sumire Kakei has what?
Huh?
Can you take over please, sorry!
What? Sensei!
(Inojin) Go, Chubs!
Watch out, I've got moves!
Hmph!
Hey Metal! Everyone's watching
you!
[screams]
[grunts]
Are you kidding me? [grunts]
Cho‐Cho, go on ahead! Show them
your latent chubby power!
There's nothing more powerful
than me and my moves!
I'm not done here yet!
Mitsuki! This thing's weaker
than it looks!
I think you're right!
But that all depends on how I
use it!
[grunts]
Now I get it.
Yeah, that's what it is!
How's that? Just as good as
Boruto, huh?
Mitsuki!
You won't be able to beat us
like this!
[grunts]
I knew it. These guys are tough
opponents.
Hey, Boruto. I would like to try
out my new technique. Is that
okay with you?
Yeah, yeah, fight them with
everything you've got!
[grunts]
Damn it!
[chuckles]
Right here?
[grunts]
[grunts/screams]
[gasps]
Huh?
[gasps/screams]
[crowd coughing]
Looks like our team wins!
[gasps]
He really screwed up super bad
this time.
(Mitsuki) What are you talking
about?
Huh?
We didn't behave any differently
than we always do.
Besides, Boruto realized what I
was trying to do in order to win
the challenge.
[chuckles] One fool just
multiplied into two.
[Grunts] How was
that, Shino Sensei?
Where'd he go?
Sarada, where's the Sensei?
I don't know. He mumbled
something about the Class Rep
and then rushed off.
Huh, I wonder.
Do you know what happened?
What? Oh no! It's just...
The Class Rep? Maybe he
found out she's transferring
to another school.
What the hell did you just say?
This is the first time I've
heard anything about it.
I wonder what's gonna
happen to her now.
[grunts]
Wait, Boruto!
Shut up! While we're wasting
time here the Class Rep...
Look!
[grunts]
Sensei?
[takes a deep breath]
[deep breath]
[nervous breath]
I'm back. Hi, everybody.
[grunts]
Sumire! Class Rep!
[laughing]
Wow, you look great!
You had us so worried!
How are you, Sumire?
Hold on, you guys. Just let
me...
Hey, now, you're not acting like
the Class Rep we know!
I certainly didn't imagine this
outcome. Another unpredictable
choice.
Does this mean everything's
back to normal?
Hmm, who knows? Maybe things
just got a lot worse.
[whispered talking]
[chuckles]
[inhales]
Hmm.
[exhales]
(Namida) What's wrong, Sumire?
(Wasabi) Hey, what did you do to
her?
(Iwabe) Why are you looking at
me? I didn't do anything!
(Denki) [chuckling] Just cut it
out!
[heavy breathing]
Sasuke!
You got here late.
[grunts] Oh really? Well it took
a while for a clone like me to
get all the way out here!
I don't even know the way home
now, damn it!
(Naruto) Where are we, anyway?
(Sasuke) Don't ask me. So
where's the scroll?
(Naruto) [grunts]
It's so hard to believe that
Danzo got this close to Kaguya's
Hidden Jutsu.
That's what it is?
I don't understand any of this.
Using this, I may be able to get
closer to the Time‐Space where
Kaguya existed.
What's that? Are you leaving
already?
How about coming back to the
village for a while?
Naruto.
Take a message back to Sakura
for me.
(Sasuke) Tell her that I'm
sorry. For everything.
The problem is...I'm the one who
should apologize.
The gate that Nue opened has
been sealed.
The Jougan's turn won't be
coming up for a while.
However, this is only a
temporary delay.
In time the gods will descend
upon this land.
[chewing]
Hmm, finally, an adequate
harvest.
How did it go?
I found tears in Kaguya's world.
The space curvature exceeds 16.
Oh? We were supposed to wait to
harvest that world.
The law states we must report
anything over ten in the space
curvature...
immediately to the clan.
The fact that she's chosen to
disobey is very out of
character.
Or rather...
Kinshiki, make
preparations to depart.
Right.
(Boruto) Denki, don't you think
you're being just a little
impatient.
(Denki) I've never flunked a
test before! I've always been a
great student.
If I fail ninjutsu, I'll be a
repeater just like Iwabe is!
(Iwabe) Huh?
(Boruto) Actually, you were
already being called Iwabe the
Repeater!
(Iwabe) Huh?!
(Boruto) At this rate, I'll end
up being your senior!
(Iwabe) Huh!?
(Denki) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"Crisis: The Threat of Failing!"
(Denki) But I'm depending on
your help, Iwabe!
(Iwabe) Oh...